Update `view-timeline-name` property (#42114)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/view-timeline-name/index.md

sidebar: cssref
---

> The **`view-timeline-name`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property specifies the names for the [named view progress timelines](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations/Timelines#named_view_progress_timeline) associated with the element.

Reviewer: to indicate that it can be used to specify one or more names
```suggestion
The **`view-timeline-name`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property specifies the names of one or more [named view progress timelines](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Scroll-driven_animations/Timelines#named_view_progress_timeline) associated with the element.
```
